README.md, before:

pelican_admin
======================
*pelican_admin* was developed to assist you manage your [Pelican] blog.

This is an alpha previous release and will have upcoming new features.

Usage
-----

Insert **pelican_admin** to the end of your INSTALLED_APPS in settings.py:

    INSTALLED_APPS = (
        ...
        'pelican_admin',
        ...
    )
    
Don't forget to sync your db with:

	python manage.py syncdb
	
Or, if you're using [south](http://pypi.python.org/pypi/South/):

	python manage.py migrate pelican_admin
	
Now, you must tell *pelican_admin* what's the path to you pelican blog. In your settings.py you must add:

	PELICAN_PATH = '/path/to/your/blog'
	PELICAN_SETTINGS = 'your_pelican_settings.py # The default value is 'pelicanconf.py'
	PELICAN_BIN = 'pelican' # Path to pelican executable. Default value is '/usr/local/bin/pelican'
	
Make sure your pelican service is running in `autoreload` mode:

	pelican /path/to/your/blog -s /path/to/pelican/settings -r &
	
	
This will have your pelican to reload itself whenever your folder blog changes. Without this configuration, **pelican_admin** is pretty much useless. So be sure to use it.
	
If you're using [django-admin-tools] there's a module available where you can manage your pelican service via admin interface. Add *pelican_admin* to your urls.py:

	import pelican_admin
	
	url_patterns = patterns('',	
    	url(r'^admin/', include(admin.site.urls)),
	    url(r'^admin_tools/', include('admin_tools.urls')),
	   	...
	)
	
	urlpatterns += pelican_admin.pelican_urls()
	
And finally, add *pelican_admin*'s module to your dashboard.py:

	from pelican_admin.modules import PelicanAdmin
	
	class CustomIndexDashboard(Dashboard):

    	def init_with_context(self, context):
			...
	        self.children.append(PelicanAdmin())
	        
This module is super useful not only to check [Pelican]'s service status, but also to reload it if any change you made doesn't load.
	        
The Looks
---------

This is how *pelican_admin*'s module for [django-admin-tools] looks like when enabled:

![Screenshot1](https://raw.github.com/fjcaetano/pelican_admin/master/ss1.png)

![Screenshot2](https://raw.github.com/fjcaetano/pelican_admin/master/ss2.png)

![Screenshot3](https://raw.github.com/fjcaetano/pelican_admin/master/ss3.png)


Features
--------

- **Settings management**: change your pelican settings through Django admin and have it automatically working.
- **Posting management**: CRUD for blog postings via interface.
- **Service management**: Manage your pelican service through the admin interface
- **Internationalization**: *pelican_admin* is localizable. Currently only pt_BR and en_US are officially supported.

Requirements
------------
* [Django 1.4+](http://pypi.python.org/pypi/Django/1.4)
* [psutil](http://code.google.com/p/psutil/)

Installation
------------
I'll just assume you're already familiarised with pelican and move on.

Install using pip:

    pip install pelican_admin
    
Or you can clone the project and install it via:

    python setup.py install

Check This Out
--------------
1. [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/fjcaetano/pelican_admin)
2. [PyPi package](http://pypi.python.org/pypi/pelican_admin/0.2)
3. [Owner's website](http://flaviocaetano.com)
4. [Owner's Blog](http://blog.flaviocaetano.com)


Contact
==============
If you have any comments, ideas questions, feedback, etcetera, email me and we'll be in touch. I'm <flavio@vieiracaetano.com>

[django-admin-tools]: https://bitbucket.org/izi/django-admin-tools/wiki/Home
[pelican]: (https://github.com/getpelican/pelican)

Commit message:

Major changes described in README.

README.md, after:

pelican_admin
======================
*pelican_admin* was developed to assist you manage your [Pelican] blog.

This is an alpha previous release and will have upcoming new features.

Usage
-----

Insert **pelican_admin** at the end of your INSTALLED_APPS in settings.py:

    INSTALLED_APPS = (
        ...
        'pelican_admin',
        ...
    )
    
Don't forget to sync your db with:

	python manage.py syncdb
	
Or, if you're using [south](http://pypi.python.org/pypi/South/):

	python manage.py migrate pelican_admin
	
Now, you must tell *pelican_admin* what's the path to you pelican blog. In your settings.py you must add:

	PELICAN_PATH = '/path/to/your/blog'
	PELICAN_SETTINGS = 'your_pelican_settings.py # The default value is 'pelicanconf.py'
	PELICAN_BIN = 'pelican' # Path to pelican executable. Default value is '/usr/local/bin/pelican'

*pelican_admin* is already set to run the [pelican] service for you. It'll be running in the autoreload mode in the background.
	
If you're using [django-admin-tools] there's a module available where you can manage your pelican service via admin interface. Add *pelican_admin* to your urls.py:

	import pelican_admin
	
	url_patterns = patterns('',	
    	url(r'^admin/', include(admin.site.urls)),
	    url(r'^admin_tools/', include('admin_tools.urls')),
	   	...
	)
	
	urlpatterns += pelican_admin.pelican_urls()
	
And finally, add *pelican_admin*'s module to your dashboard.py:

	from pelican_admin.modules import PelicanAdmin
	
	class CustomIndexDashboard(Dashboard):

    	def init_with_context(self, context):
			...
	        self.children.append(PelicanAdmin())
	        
This module is super useful not only to check [Pelican]'s service status, but also to reload it if any change you made doesn't load.
	        
The Looks
---------

This is how *pelican_admin*'s module for [django-admin-tools] looks like when enabled:

![Screenshot1](https://raw.github.com/fjcaetano/pelican_admin/master/ss1.png)

![Screenshot2](https://raw.github.com/fjcaetano/pelican_admin/master/ss2.png)

![Screenshot3](https://raw.github.com/fjcaetano/pelican_admin/master/ss3.png)

New Features
------------
- **Metadata management**: Now you can manage your posts' metadatas via interface since, now, they're attributes of your posts.
- **Category model**: Though `category` is just another post metadata, it was made to be an model to ease filtering, insertion, etc.
- **View Draft button**: In the blog post edit page there's a new button called `View Draft` to help you visualise the post you're writing in your blog. It simply set the `status` metadata as *draft* in that post.
- **Better post management**: Blog posts had a very bad management earlier. Now the model list page has filters, more fields being displayed, search, date hierarchy, etc.

Old Features
------------
- **Settings management**: change your pelican settings through Django admin and have it automatically working.
- **Posting management**: CRUD for blog posting via interface.
- **Service management**: Manage your pelican service through the admin interface
- **Internationalization**: *pelican_admin* is localizable. Currently only pt_BR and en_US are officially supported.

Bugfixes
--------
- **Encoding issues**: Some people were experiencing encoding issues when *pelican_admin* attempted to write special characters. Some of it were solved, but if you find any mode problems, please, let me know.
- **Slow build**: Due to poor programming, *pelican_admin* was taking a very long time to run it's \__init__.py

Known Issues
------------
*pelican_admin* is running [pelican]'s service in background as a subprocess, but I wasn't able to kill it when python dies. Currently there's a method registered in `atexit` therefore, if python dies normally, the background service is killed with no trouble, but if python crashes, the method registered isn't called and [pelican]'s service may still be running in background.


Requirements
------------
* [Django 1.4+](http://pypi.python.org/pypi/Django/1.4)
* [psutil 0.6.1+](http://code.google.com/p/psutil/)
* [pelican 3.0+](https://github.com/getpelican/pelican)

Installation
------------
I'll just assume you're already familiarised with pelican and move on.

Install using pip:

    pip install pelican_admin --upgrade
    
Or you can clone the project and install it via:

    python setup.py install

Check This Out
--------------
1. [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/fjcaetano/pelican_admin)
2. [PyPi package](http://pypi.python.org/pypi/pelican_admin/0.3)
3. [Owner's website](http://flaviocaetano.com)
4. [Owner's Blog](http://blog.flaviocaetano.com)


Contact
==============
If you have any comments, ideas questions, feedback, etcetera, email me and we'll be in touch. I'm <flavio@vieiracaetano.com>

[django-admin-tools]: https://bitbucket.org/izi/django-admin-tools/wiki/Home
[pelican]: (https://github.com/getpelican/pelican)
